Throughout our lives,
each of us must acknowledge we have unconscious biases.
However, today we will share some tips
to manage and coexist with these biases,
let us get to it!
First tip: make sure you ask opinions
from people with different characteristics to yours,
these can be due to context, job posts,
departments, geography, and gender, among others.
Even if it means making an extra effort.
Second tip: use respectful and inclusive language
and avoid referring to people using derogatory or discriminatory terms.
Do not forget, language is key for empathizing and connecting with other people,
it helps us make them feel comfortable and understood.
Third tip: pay attention to your surroundings,
make use of all your senses,
and make sure everyone feels comfortable and understood.
Afterwards, make sure they have the chance to talk and contribute.
Fourth tip:
Intently look for people to meet and listen to and who are different to you,
this accelerates the identification and management of biases.
Fifth tip: Make a pause to identify which situations make you feel uncomfortable,
think about your reaction,
become aware of this, and use it
when you next interact with others.
To do this, you need to remain alert,
aware, and present in your surroundings.
Keep in mind that this JEDI path
is based on being thoughtful in our daily interactions
to build an inclusive environment at FEMSA.